Update community resources for migration guides (#11376)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-vuepress.mdx

## Community Resources

:::note[Have a resource to share?]

> If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a VuePress site to Astro, edit this page and add it here!

Author: ```suggestion
If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a VuePress site to Astro, [add it to this list](https://github.com/withastro/docs/edit/main/src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-vuepress.mdx)!
```
